Fixed and clarified steps (#103)
rhoai-genaiops/lab-instructions: docs/4-ready-to-scale-201/1-prompt-versioning.md

# 🗂️ Prompt Versioning

## Exercise Setup

> Make sure you are in the `user2-test` project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you are in the `<USER_NAME>-test` project.
```
